T1 left: Brake after the crest, roughly at the end of the pit wall. Turn in late from near the end of the blend line. Avoid the apex kerb at all costs.

Hatzenbach: Fast right. Flat out - trust the tires.

Hatzenbach-Geschlangel: Luckily this section is at the start of the lap because it takes a lot of practice. For the first left-right bends, brake a little just before the tire marks start on the asphalt, then shed more speed before the right. Get on the gas again early and use all the available track-out. In the following left-right-left sequence each turn is tighter than the one before, so use the right hand apex to straighten out the line for the exit. 

Hocheichen: Blind right into banked left. Use some kerb on the right-hand apex if you're brave and get on the gas as early as possible out of here, there's several kilometers of flat-out track coming up! I always feel like I could've taken the first turnfaster, as the steep banking of the left-hander makes the exit reasonably easy.

Quiddlebacher Hohe/Flugplatz: Over crest into double-apex right. Flat out through here. One steering input for both right hand apexes - avoid scrubbing speed off for the long straight.

Schwedenkreuz: Left, over crest. A good turn-in point is critical (you put two wheels onto the grasn on the left - there is no kerb).
Can be taken flat-out but don't be afraid to lift a little to ensure a good braking line into the following hairpin.

Aremberg: Right hand hairpin. Threshold braking from the 'seam' in the track surface, until about the second 'seam'. Down to 3rd gear and keep a steady speed. Get on the gas about when you see the exit kerbing. You can run onto the exit kerb if you're careful, make sure the steering is straight.

Adenauer-Forst: left-right-LEFT-right.
	 #1 Left: Brush brake (maybe) and turn in at the white sign (before you can see the apex!!), taking plenty of kerb on the inside. You want to stay left of track cetner if possible for...

	 #2 Right: As soon as the car is straight, slow the car and drop to 4th. Trail brake as much as you are comfortable doing. Don't track out too far to the left because you want to be way over to track right for...

	 #3 Left: This is the killer corner of this sequence. You can see the corener coming but the apex is late and blind. Wait until at least the large blob of graffiti AFTER the 'pedestrian crossing' painted on the track before turning in! This is also a compromise corner because you're straight into...

	 #4 Right: Be patient getting on the gas - a fast section follows so make sure you get a good exit. You can at least see the apex for this corner.... :D


Metzgesfeld: Fast Left. Turn in from the end of the dark tarmac section on the right. Just a slight lift is needed here to make sure you don't push out as the banking drops out of the exit.

Immediately into Right-Left: The right has some banking to help you around, which is good because there's killer kerbs everywhere. Watch out!

Kallenhard: Downhill right, tightens. Brake after the large white motorcycle sign, don't turn in until after the start of the kerb on the right - take a VERY late apex as this bend tightens and you don't see it coming until it's too late. There's plenty of banknig s ouse the throttle to keep the tail of the car planted on entry. Again, exit kerb can be used if you're careful and keep the car straight. 

Immediately get back over to track right for the following left-right. The left is heavily banked and if your setup is too low you can bottom out and spin - feathering the throttle will help.

Miss-Hit-Miss: Triple apex right. As the name suggests, you only want to hit one of the inside kerbs here. There is a small compression in the middle of the corner that will help turn the car, but the track immediately flattens out so it is very easy to drift wide on the exit.

Wehrseifen: Right-into dip-left-right. This is a tricky combo that's very easy to lose a lot of time on. Compromise the right hander to be fully over to track for the left hand corner. The apex is VERY late and unsighted on a single screen, it's about level with the last section of red/white tire wall on the outside of the corner. One of the few 2nd gear corners.

Breidscheid: Left, over walled-in bridge, left. Brake from the end of the red/white kerb on the outside, and track out to the lighter-colored section of kerb at the exit. A wide line in the middle of the bridge is essential to get lined up on the left-hand kerb for the entrance to...

Ex-Muhle: Steep uphill right. It's essential to carry as much speed as possible through this steep, banked right hander, as the SRF struggles to accelerate on the climb. Be VERY careful using the exit kerb as the car will want to spin. Fortunately the SRF doesn't have enough power to need to feather the throttle on the exit unless you're running wide.

Bergwerk: Downhill right, tightens. Just like a faster version of kallenhard - this is a tightening right-hander with good banking and a downhill entrance. Don't apex until you are lined up with the white house jsut beyond the barrier. Maximum exit speed is required for the >2km long uphill slog that follows (Kesselchen straight).

Fast double-left after straight: The uphill climb saps enough speed that by yourself this left is flat-out. Use all the cobble-stone kerb by the wall on the entrance and use as little steering as possible to avoid scrubbing speed off.

Steilstrecke: Long hairpin right. Brake from the 'apex' of the kerb on the left. There's a patch of graffiti on the track you can use as a power-on marker for this incredibly long corner.

Karussell: Hairpin left. Tightens. Crazy banking(!). Arguably the most famous corner on the track. Super sketchy in the SRF. I use 3rd gear around 55-58 mph. Two lines on the entrance, apart from the conventional line, you can stay track left and get a smooth run on to the concrete banking. Be careful as the corner does tighten slightly - enough to upset the balance of the car if you're not ready for it. As you pass the graffiti heart you see the exit and can get on the gas. Be careful with the camber change leaving the concrete, and aim somewhat to the left of the end of the wall you can see, until the apex comes into view. You can run around the asphalt at the top if needed to avoid another car, this costs you ~1 second and the tightening exit is very problematic. 

Hohe Acht "entry S": left-right. After the previous flat-out right-left combo, make sure you are fully over to track right. Stay in 4th, give a small lift and carry a smooth line through both corners. I have to manage the throttle through both depending on how well I hit my line. Stay left for...

Hohe Acht "RV corner" (I just made that up btw...) - Blind right over crest. The first of the seemingly identical right hand corners in this section - has a bunch or RVs parked behind the fence ahead of you! Light braking over the crest for what's arguably a 4th gear corner if you take it well. The banking helps a lot. Don't track out too soon, as there is more apex kerb bon the left than you can see initially.

Hedwigshohe/Wipperman-S: Right-left-right. The right-hand entrance is fast, but you must compromise the exit heavily to get the car settled and cleanly through the left. Use plenty of kerb on the left and (2nd) right apexes to straighten out the line as much as possible and to avoid the HORRIBLE bump on the apex of the 2nd right, which combined with the downhill exit can spin you easily. 

Eschbach "The right after the esses": Blind right over crest (the third...). Lots of lines are possible through this corner. I take a later apex, turning in from the end of the kerbing on the left. There is a PA speaker pole roughly lined up with the apex. Don't be fooled by the line of the fence ahead at the exit! You can use all the exit kerb but you don't need to, and you want to be track right for the entrance to...

Eschbach double left: Downhill two-part left. The track drops a lot here, be careful managing the speed. Sacrifice the second (easier) part completely for the tricky entrance to...

Brunnchen right #1: The track drops into banking a the apex, unsettling the car greatly. Be careful not to clib the inside kerb as that will spin you for sure. 

Brunnchen right #2: Finally droppnig down to third gear, this uphill corner will punish any mistake you made on the first right. WAIT to get on the gas as the exit tightens and crests so you will understeer easily. The exit kerb is friendly here.

Eiskurve: tight left & slight right. I brake from the seam in the track, into third gear again. Good exit speed is critical as always - you can climb the kerb on the exit to ease the line somewhat. This leads into a fast but tight section - getting side-by-side here will cost you a lot of time.

Pflanzgarten: DIP into double-right and blind left over crest. SRF isn't fast enough to make the jump a big concern here - wait until you land before braking. Don't scrub too much speed in the first corner and be sure to look for the second apex! Lift to rotate the car and stay to the right, to get a flat-out line over the blind crest left-hander tha immediately follows. 

Entry to Schwalbenschwanz: This fast uphill right is difficult to find a good braking marker for, and invites you to carry too much speed. Try to be as far over to the left as possible once you are clear of the trees to get a good entry (not as easy as it sounds). Stay to the right on the exit to get a good entry to the much slower left-hander. Don't drop to 3rd gear yet!

Schwalbenschwhanz / "Kleine Karussell": Half-banked uphill left. Watch out for the nasty changes in camber on this 3rd gear left. The best line is with 2 wheels on the asphalt below the concrete section. Turn in late (at the end of the kerb) to hit the nasty seam in the asphalt straight-on. Be careful not to pitch out of the banking to early as the sharp edges will throw the car off balance and kill your speed.

Galgenkopf: uphill right. This tricky right has some banking at the apex to help pull the car round, so you should be carryign at least 85mph through here.

Dottinger-hohe: Blind sweeping right. The final corner before the huge straight. Turn in from the fence and "186" marker and this should be flat out. I clip the grass on the inside just before the apex kerb, and the following compression helps bring the car through the second half of the corner. Exit speed is obviously crucial as you're flat out for the next 50 seconds. If you're going to have to lift, do it earlier rather than later.

Hohenrain: Right-left-right chicane (3rd gear). Don't blink until you see the tirewall and the orange-painted end of the barrier on the left. Use the access-road on the left side of the track to straighten the entrance to the final series of corners. Be careful on the brakes due to the bumps, and make use of the kerb on the apex of the first right. Sacrifice the exit of the left to get a good line into the final right-hand corner of the lap - blind around the pit wall. Turn in from the start of the white painted asphalt on the left. Get as close to the wall on the apex as yo ucan but don't hit it! It's a LONG tow back to the pits from here.

The VERY tight pit entrance is on the outside of the left hander - it's extremely narrow so take it slow! 



